Edit user messages and UG; Remove HelpWindow (#216)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Adds a game entry to **GameBook**.<br>

Parameters:<br>
GAME_TYPE, [INITIAL_CASH], [FINAL_CASH], [PROFIT], [DATE], [DURATION], [LOCATION], [TAGS] <br><br>
Format:<br>
`add /g GAME_TYPE [/s INITIAL_CASH] [/e FINAL_CASH] [/p PROFIT] [/date DATE] [/dur DURATION] [/loc LOCATION] [/tag TAGS]` <br>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**

> You must specify the amount of money you win or lose in the game. You can choose to input the INITIAL_CASH with the FINAL_CASH or only input the PROFIT. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify the amount of money you won or lost in the game. You can choose to input the INITIAL_CASH with the FINAL_CASH or only input the PROFIT. <br>
```

</div>

* To simplify typing, for GAME_TYPE and LOCATION, the input will be automatically converted such that the first
  character of each word is upper-case and subsequent characters are lower-case. For example, "poker" and "genting casino"
  will be stored within **GameBook** as "Poker" and "Genting Casino" respectively.

> * A game entry can have any number of TAGS (including 0). To add multiple tags, follow the format of `/tag TAG_1,TAG_2,...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A game entry can have any number of TAGS (including 0). To add multiple tags, follow the format of `/tag TAG_1, TAG_2, TAG_3, ...`.
```
